hey everybody is your girl Lindsay Adam
from here my youtube channel for meal
prep day on weight loss 140 pounds down
17 more pounds ago
so anyway because I didn't know Weight
Watchers has switched over to simply
feeling that switch but it's an option
what simply feeling is it's just
basically instead of counting point they
allow for you to just follow a meal plan
now since I don't count points and count
calories I just really liked it that
they gave you these meal plans so I can
just basically choose different things
on the meal plan for me to just eat
within my week so today we're gonna be
making this couscous chickens tomato and
spinach that I got from Weight Watchers
super simple it's really just combining
all these ingredients together and I'm
gonna be adding a cup of spices and a
little additives here so I have here
guys I have all my ingredients my
chicken breast is like three pounds a
red onion some canned tomatoes my Near
East couscous i bowl for it and I have
some peppers getting dark over here but
this is just some bunch rolls bunch
holes bunches of spinach and then I'm
gonna be making some carrots to go with
it so these are all my ingredients it's
super simple super easy so stay with me
alright guys so cooking is couscous is
super easy super simple you just
basically pour the couscous in a bowl
alright so when you have a little bit
seasonings
go ahead dump that seed in there summer
and drop in about a cup and a half of
water
to nap cups of water
right when I have that time now I can
get a little bit of olive oil preferable
but I do like a little olive oil and a
tablespoon so gas that you would hit the
lid on our end and then take it to the
microwave and then you put this on for
about five minutes in the microwave so
we'll be done shortly all right so I
went ahead and chopped up to three
peppers and a large red onion I'm gonna
saute that down and then I'm just gonna
start cooking things combining things
and putting everything together but I
wanted to show you guys the onions and
peppers this real life I'm really
cooking all right guys so I removed the
peppers and onions and set them aside
because I'm working with shallow bowls
I'm taking one bunch old thumbs whole
bundle oh that's funny Oh
spinach at a time spinach cooks down to
be very little so even though I'd only
put one bundle out of three at a time
it's gonna cook down and the chicken is
chopped up slice it really thin chopped
up in little chunks about the season and
turn it get a pop in
alright so everything's combined all of
the spinach is combined with the peppers
and onions I'm just gonna grab I think
I'm gonna drain these tomatoes because
I'm not a big fan of super liquidy
things so I'm gonna just take these
diced tomatoes and just drain them out
and then throw those in its so the
tomatoes are in everything's in looking
delicious all right guys the carrots are
super easy wash them chop them put them
on a cookie sheet season them a little
bit of olive oil and bay comes I'll show
you guys the carrot these are pretty
much almost done they smell great
they're roasted and pretty much ready to
go all right guys so we're gonna let the
meal prep begin
instead of like I thought I was gonna
combine everything together pretty much
combined you know like meat vegetables
the carbohydrate and I'm just gonna put
those three things in these containers
and then I'll show you guys that through
this meal prep begin so we have the
salad prep you guys know what you just
salad with every meal
really helps with overeating so I guess
I'm gonna do some green peppers onions
tomatoes romaine prepped and ready to go
all right guys the long haul is finished
you Omega is love you bye
you